Where’s the better place to propose to someone?
If you had to eat one of these foods, which one would you pick?
If you had to be one of these animals, which one would you be?
Which mode of transportation makes you more uncomfortable?
What’s a higher status symbol?
What kind of packing will you probably do next?
Which animal is more interesting?
If you could only eat one of these cuisines the rest of your life, what would you pick?
During the summer, where do you most often eat lunch?
What’s more breathtaking?
Which animal do you think you can draw better?
Which animal has a better mane?
Where would you rather not be when you have diarrhea?
Where would you go if you were in exile?
If it were a choice between the two, which would you choose?
Where is there better people watching?
What should you spend more money on?
What would you rather win?
What’s more popular among your friends?
What better describes your mood right now?
Where’s a better place to break up with someone?
Where do you usually feel most comfortable?
What would impress your friends more?
On the highway of life, which are you?
Where would you rather pee?
Where would you rather sweat?
What would impress you more on a date?
Where would you rather take your next vacation?
Which would more of your friends join you for?
What’s more appealing about fall?
What’s more of a thrill?
What sounds like a better adventure to you?
Which scenery would you rather have on your next vacation?
Which would you rather have right now?
What form of exercise would you prefer?
What are easier to take care of?
Which are you more interested in?
Which healthy habit is easier to adopt?
What’s more soothing?
Where would you feel safer in the zombie apocalypse?
If you were ultra-wealthy, what would you buy first?
Which of these is it harder to buy a gift for?
Where would you rather live?
Which would be more exciting?
What would you rather spend more money on?
What are more overrated?
Which would suck worse?
What would you like to ride in a parade?
What’s a more embarrassing way to die?
What’s usually a more fun weekend?
Which sucks more?
Where do you see yourself living in 30 years?
Where would you write your manifesto?
Where can you get more work done?
Which animal has the more ferocious growl?
What’s the best part about going to a football viewing party?
What are you more afraid of?
When are you most forgetful?
Which game do you understand better?
Which festival would you rather go to?
Which of these animals would you most like to see in the wild?
Which sport is more popular where you grew up?
If you had to pick one, what would you rather get a tattoo of?
Where would you rather be right now?
Where do you think more history majors work?
Which photo trend is more annoying?
Which would you rather buy a ticket to go see?
Where would you probably write more poetry?
What are you more likely to eat late at night?
Which do you think would be more nerve-racking?
Where would you rather pee?
If they could talk, which of these animals would probably have an English accent?
What’s more fun to drive?
Which can seem more like food?
Which of these makes you look like a bigger idiot?
Which city has the better food?
Where you would most likely survive after a week?
Which of these vehicles would you find more practical?
Which would be a better investment?
Where would you be more anxious?
Which was more important to the development of human civilization?
Which sport do you think takes more athleticism to play?
Where do you typically find more wisdom?
As rites of passage go, which is more important?
When you try to be healthy, which do you do more often?
What are you more up for right now?
What would you rather call home for a month?
What sounds more appealing right now?
Who do you think is more lonely?
Which would be a greater honor?
In nature documentaries, who do you root for?
What would you rather see?
Which do you buy more often?
Where would you rather spend two hours?
What are you worst at?
What’s your preferred way to spend a summer day?
What’s a sadder thing to do alone?
Which is more dad-like?
Which party do you prefer?
Who looks sillier?
Which would you rather spend a lot of money on?
What is usually dirtier?
What should you spend more money on?
Which is more annoying to do?
Which is a more beautiful part of New York City?
Where would you rather visit next?
What’s more terrifying to you?
What’s cuter?
Which would you rather have as a pet?
What’s the worst part about living in the city?
How would you rather spend a Sunday afternoon?
Which food always tastes better at a restaurant?
Which is more exciting?
What is more relaxing?
What’s harder to keep tidy?
Which cuisine do you eat more often?
Which part of Indian culture interests you more?
Which animal would you rather study for the rest of your life?
What do you take more pride in?
Where do you check your phone more?
What makes you angrier?
Which makes you feel more like a kid?
What’s the better spot for a storyteller?
What will still be trendy in 2040?
Which country has a more interesting history?
Which experience is more liberating?
Which city has more beautiful bridges?
Which would be scarier to try for the first time?
What’s a better way to handle stress?
Which event sounds less appealing?
What’s more romantic?
Where’s a better place to meet a romantic partner?
Who wins this fight?
Where is it more relaxing to read a book?
What secret is harder to keep?
Which museum interests you more?
How would you describe your personality?
What’s more depressing?
What smells better?
Which vacation pic are you more likely to take?
Where would you rather spend a week long vacation?
What’s the best part about camping?
Which field do you prefer?
Which summer camp would you rather attend?
Which do millennials like more?
What’s a bigger life milestone?
Which sounds more fun right now?
What’s a better gift?
Which type of racing event is more exciting to watch?
Which art do you appreciate more?
Which is a more probable life change possibility for you?
Which item do you find more often in thrift stores?
What makes you a worse neighbor?
What’s the best way to jump-start a relationship?
Who has more self-confidence?
Who do you respect more?
Which mode of transportation do you prefer?
How do you think more cats see themselves?
When do most people floss more?
What would you rather paint?
What’s more depressing?
What’s a better stress reducer?
Where would you sleep better?
Where would you rather stay?
Which is more of a bucket list item for you?
Which do you wish more people would do?
Where would it be more uncomfortable for you to be?
Where’s the better place to cry?
What would you rather be reincarnated as?
What’s more flexible?
Which animal is more majestic?
Which would you rather spend more money on?
Which of these would be cooler for a robot to transform into?
Where would you have a better view?
Which gives you more anxiety?
What TV show would you rather watch?
What’s harder to catch?
Who creeps you out more?
Historically speaking, which kind of children’s movie is superior?
What do you avoid more?
Where would you survive longer?
What would be a better refuge during a zombie uprising?
What is easier to make?
What’s a better song?
Where is there better people watching?
What Greek dish is better?
What do you have a better grasp of?
What sounds more appealing right now?
Which zoo animal is sadder?
Which car matches your personality more?
What’s more your style?
What would you rather own?
What sounds harder?
What’s more your style?
When visiting a city, what would you rather take?
