Write a three word review of your bed.
Briefly describe your middle school experience.
Write a brief review of the shirt you’re wearing.
Write a quick review of your current toothbrush.
Write a three word review of your hometown.
Write a brief review of the last movie you watched.
Write a three word review of your childhood home.
Write a brief review of your TV.
Write a brief review of your microwave.
Briefly describe your last fart.
Briefly describe the last YouTube video you watched.
What are your thoughts on grapes?
Write a short review of the last TV series you watched.
What are your thoughts on broccoli?
Write a brief review of baths.
Write a short review of your last haircut.
Write a quick review of your last vacation.
Briefly describe your couch.
Write a brief review of the last book you read.
Write a brief review of your phone.
Write a quick review of your showerhead.
Write a quick review of your computer.
What do you think about Mountain Dew?
Write a three word review of kale.
Write a brief review of your last cab ride.
Write a short review of McDonald’s fries.
Write a brief review of Starbucks coffee.
Write a brief review of the last public restroom you used.
Write a brief review of your headphones.
Briefly describe how your day’s going so far.
Write a brief review of the last meal you ate.
Briefly describe your favorite amusement park.
Write a brief review of the underwear your’re currently wearing.
Write a brief review of your bath mat.
Briefly describe the crowd at the last concert you attended.
Write a brief review of your refrigerator.
Write a brief review of KFC chicken.
Write a brief review of Taco Bell.
What’s your daily commute like?
Write a brief review of decaf coffee.
What’s your opinion of green tea?
How do you feel about one-ply toilet paper?
Write a brief review of Apple products.
How do you feel about Android products?
Briefly describe your dream home.
Briefly describe your first kiss.
Briefly describe your favorite shirt.
How would you describe a typical night club?
Write a brief review of Amazon.
Write a brief review of the last hotel/Airbnb you stayed at.
Briefly describe the last school you attended.
Briefly describe your last/current place of employment.
Describe last summer in three words.
Write a brief review of IKEA furniture.
Write a brief review of Coca-Cola.
Briefly describe your childhood bedroom.
How would you describe the current state of your bedroom?
Write a brief review of the last party you attended.
